Context scope clarifications (#301)
HL7/smart-app-launch: spec/scopes-and-launch-context/index.md

parameter `launch=abc123`, then it requests the scope `launch` and provides an
additional URL parameter of `launch=abc123`.

The application could choose to also provide `launch/patient` and/or `launch/encounter` as "hints" regarding which contexts the app would like the EHR to gather. The EHR MAY ignore these hints (for example, if the user is in a workflow where these contexts do not exist).

> If an application is also requesting a clinical scope which is restricted to a patient (e.g. `patient/*.read`), and the authorization results in the EHR is granting that scope, the EHR SHALL establish a patient in context. The EHR MAY refuse authorization requests including `patient/` but that do not include a valid `launch`, or it MAY infer the `launch/patient` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an application is also requesting a clinical scope which is restricted to a patient (e.g. `patient/*.read`), and the authorization results in the EHR is granting that scope, the EHR SHALL establish a patient in context. The EHR MAY refuse authorization requests including `patient/` that do not include a valid `launch`, or it MAY infer the `launch/patient` scope.
```

`launch/encounter` | Need encounter context at launch time (FHIR Encounter resource)
(Others)| This list can be extended by any SMART EHR if additional context is required.

> If an application is also requesting a clinical scope which is restricted to a patient (e.g. `patient/*.read`), and the authorization results in the EHR is granting that scope, the EHR SHALL establish a patient in context. The EHR MAY refuse authorization requests including `patient/` but that do not include a valid `launch/patient` scope, or it MAY infer the `launch/patient` scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an application requests a clinical scope which is restricted to a single patient (e.g. `patient/*.read`), and the authorization results in the EHR granting that scope, the EHR SHALL establish a patient in context. The EHR MAY refuse authorization requests including `patient/` that do not also include a valid `launch/patient` scope, or it MAY infer the `launch/patient` scope.
```
